Tailor documentation according to platforms (#1701)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/appendix_metrics.adoc

To deploy these resources, run the following commands:

[source,shell,subs="+quotes,attributes+"]
{cmdcli} apply -f strimzi-service-monitor.yaml
{cmdcli} apply -f prometheus-rules.yaml
{cmdcli} apply -f prometheus.yaml

ifdef::OpenShift[]

> NOTE: On {OpenShiftName} this you will need to have suitable privileges to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: On {OpenShiftName} you need suitable privileges to do this.
```

> On {Minishift} you can do this by logging in with cluster administrator privileges by executing `oc login -u system:admin` before the `{cmdcli} apply` commands given above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On {Minishift}, log in with cluster administrator privileges by executing `oc login -u system:admin` before using the `{cmdcli} apply` commands.
```

The Grafana Prometheus data source, and the above dashboards, can be set up in Grafana by following these steps.

> NOTE: For accessing the dashboard, you can use the `port-forward` command for forwarding traffic from the Grafana pod to the host. For example, you can access the Grafana UI by running `{cmdcli} port-forward grafana-1-fbl7s 3000:3000` and then pointing a browser to `http://localhost:3000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For accessing the dashboard, use the `port-forward` command for forwarding traffic from the Grafana pod to the host. For example, access the Grafana UI by running `{cmdcli} port-forward grafana-1-fbl7s 3000:3000` and then pointing a browser to `http://localhost:3000`.
```
